Program Name              Program URls                                                                                  Bounty                   Swag          Averag ResponseTime
Instamojo                  https://support.instamojo.com/hc/en-us/articles/207758769-Instamojo-Bug-Bounty-Policy         Yes                       No                      5 Day
Jivochat                   https://www.jivochat.com/bugbounty/                                                           Yes                       No                      2 Day
Doist                      https://todoist.com/help/articles/doist-bug-bounty-policy                                     Yes                       No                     10 Day
audimarin.com              https://www.audimarin.com/responsible-disclosure.htm                                          Yes                       NO                     15 Day
spikenow                   https://www.spikenow.com/help/responsible-disclosure-program/                                 Yes                       No                      5 Day
Protonmail                 https://protonmail.com/blog/protonmail-bug-bounty-program/                                    Yes                       Yes                     7 Day
synology                   https://www.synology.com/en-in/security/bounty_program                                        Yes                       No                     10 Day
grailed                    https://help.grailed.com/hc/en-us/articles/1260800533630-Grailed-s-Bug-Bounty-Program         Yes                       No                      4 Day
coding ninjas              https://www.codingninjas.com/bug-bounty                                                       No                        No                     30 Day
range.co                   https://www.range.co/security/bounty                                                          Yes                       Yes                     7 Day
urban.io                   https://www.urban.io/security-vulnerability-disclosure-program/                               No                        Yes                    10 Day
Ivanti                     https://www.ivanti.com/support/contact-security                                               No                        Yes                    15 Day
Fastly                     https://www.fastly.com/security/report-security-issue/                                        No                        Yes                    10 Day                                                            
Motiv.nl                   https://www.motiv.nl/motiv-ict-security/coordinated-vulnerability-disclosure/                 Yes                       No                      5 Day
hackerearth.com            https://www.hackerearth.com/docs/wiki/program/bounty/                                         No                        Yes                    30 Day
Groww                      https://groww.in/p/security/                                                                  No                        Yes                     5 Day
bentley.com                https://www.bentley.com/responsible_disclosure.pdf                                            Yes                       No                     15 Day
Investing.com              investing-support.com/hc/en-us/articles/360010956797-Investing-com-s-Bug-Bounty-Program       Yes                       No                     90 Day
Zoho                       https://bugbounty.zoho.com/bb/info?department=zoho                                            Yes                       Yes                     1 Day
Jotform                    https://www.jotform.com/answers/678270-bug-bounty-program-and-report-security-vulnerability   Yes                       No                      5 Day
pratilipi.com              https://hindi.pratilipi.com/vulnerability-disclosure-policy                                   Yes                       No                      7 Day
sketchfab.com              https://help.sketchfab.com/hc/en-us/articles/360044282632-Security-Vulnerabilities-Bug-Bounty Yes                       No                      3 Day
luminpdf                   https://www.luminpdf.com/faq-security/                                                        Yes                       No                      5 Day
ifixit                     https://www.ifixit.com/Info/Responsible_Disclosure                                            Yes                       No                      20 Day
xsolla                     https://help.xsolla.com/bounty/rewards                                                        Yes                       No                       3 Day
Nestforms                  https://www.nestforms.com/Bug-Bounty-Program                                                  Yes                       No                       7 Day


Telekom                    https://www.telekom.sk/wiki/ostatne/program-bug-bounty                                        Yes                       No                       3 Day
